Along with the development of education, more emphasis are placed on the development of teachers. As we are living in a world where knowledge accumulated by multiplying, an increasing number of people suggest to require all school teachers to attend some some courses every five years so that they can update their knowledge and teach children better. Reasonable as it might seems, I hold disagree with the suggestion.

First and foremost, we must notice that it is just absurd to force all the teachers to update their knowledge. The purpose of let teachers update their knowledge is to provide them with more knowledge to teach the kids. But does all the students need the most updated knowledge? Will a kid from kindergarten being educated better if his/her teacher attend a course about the latest knowledge? We should not be blind to the fact that millions of Chinese senior high school teachers have never attended any course to learn new knowledge since they graduated, yet millions of the students they cultivated were admitted to key university. In fact, at least for schools from kindergarted to senior high school, it is unnecessary for teachers to update their knowledge because students at that age don't need that knowledge to move to a higher level.

Moreover, for many professor teaching in university, it is waste of time to attend courses. The majority of the professors in the university have his/her own research and have to spend a lot of time on it. Quite a few of them are self-motivated and keep in touch with the latest knowledge. For those who already master the latest knowledge that is needed to teach students, attending other courses to learn the same thing again is ridiculous. 

Admittly, there might be a little truth lies in the suggestion. But forcing all the school teachers to attend the courses is unpractical for many reasons, like who will take the responsibility to teach the students since all the teachers go to attend the courses to enhance themselves and what course should teachers choose to learn since different teachers teaches students at different age and level.

In conclusion, requiring all school teachers to attend some courses is unrealistic and unnecessary. Sometimes it even waste teachers time and thus should not be promoted.