Helpful, honest, well organized, these are three values that parents want their children to know at a very young age. Although they may seem equally important to the development of the kids, I hold the view that it is honest that we should give most priority to and share with a young child.

Admittedly, being helpful and well organized is almost as important as being honest. Young child should learn to help with each other so that they can make acquaintance with their peers and overcome difficulties more easily. Also, it is true that children may enjoy obvious advantage from being well organized. But we should not overlook the fact that these two values can be fostered even if a young child getting old, whereas honesty seems to be a value that only can be cultivated at a very young age.

Unlike other two value, honesty can only be fostered at a very young age. There is no surprising that a selfish person decides to be helpful to others when he/she don't want others look down upon him/her. There is also no surprising that people tend to be well organized when they want to enhance his skill and get a more favorable position in the job market. No matter whether they have fostered those behavior at a young age, they will eventually cultivate those value themselves as long as it is beneficial to themselves. But have you heard of any liars want to change himself/herself and become honest? People choose to lie mostly because they can gain something from it. Few people want to give up telling lies once they have earned something from it.

What's more, honesty is of great significance to the young child, his/her family, and even the society as a whole. Without honesty, one will not be able to make true friends with each other. As one may lie to anyone, it is extremely harmful to the society.

In a nutshell, among those essential values that one must foster in their life, it is most important to share honesty with a young child, for not only its importance but also it is hard to gain when people grow older.
