Do you agree or disagree with the statement: Many people think that athetes or celebrities that are from the entertainment business can change careers to be politicians. Do you agree or disagree with this idea of profession change?

Actor Schwarzeneggar is famous worldwide not only for his muscular figure but also for his success in the election of the governor of California. It is not rare for many athletes or celebrities to change their career and run for a position in the government. However, I am not in favor of such profession change for several reasons.

Being in the entertainment industry for so long, celebrities often lack the essential knowledge to the political work. In other words, they are far from being qualified. Many celebrities choose to seek a high psoition in the government, with no idea of how complex the system is. To deal with it, professional knowledge in related fields is a must. For instance, when the horrible global financial crisis hit Chinese market in 2008, profound knowledge in economy and deep insight of the finanical system are needed to turn the tide. What can an actor do when faced with the same situation? Maybe the only "contribution" he can make is delivering an inspiring speech to the public. If a politician is not even able to explain the term "credit crunch", how could he earn the trust of the at a very young age. To acquire a medal in the international games, they have to undergo extremely intense training from day to night. Consequently, a good command of knowledge of other aspects is impossible for them. The number of gold medals he earns in the Olympics does not represent extraordinary statesmanship. After all, we are not talking about electing a coach for the national team.

Unlike shooting a film, in which an actor can redo the scene freely if he forgets his line, being a politician eans that there is no second chance. The reason is quite simple: every decision the politician makes concerns the well-being of thousands of citizens. Under the command of a politician, a bridge might be built; a community can be established; a financial policy might be implemented. Thus, politics is of no doubt a complicated process which involves an overall and careful evaluation of the interests of all parts. Absence of critical knowledge may lead to catastrophes in decision-making and there is no turning back. Therefore, candidates who are truly experienced in politics deserve our vote the most.

Candidates in the limelight draw more attention from the fans and public, which is definitely unfair to other candidates running for the same job. Too much fame may mask one's inability to govern. The public tend to focus solely on the perfect images that celebrities built or the past success of the atheltes, ignoring other candidates' real capacity.

To sum up, politician is a hard job that is not suitable for everybody, especially celebrities and athletes.


Do you agree or disagree with the statement: Many people think that athletes or celebrities that from the entertainment business can change their careers to be politicians. Do you agree or disagree with this idea of profession change?

Actor Schwarzenegger is famous worldwide not only for his muscular figure but also for his success in the election of the governor of California. It is not rare for many athletes or celebrities to change their career and run for a position in the government. However, I am not in favor of such profession change for several reasons.

Being in the entertainment industry for so long, celebrities often lack the essential knowledge to do the political work. In other words, they are far from being qualified. Many celebrites choose to seek a high position in the government, with no idea of how complex the system is. To deal with it, professional knowledge in related fields is a must. For instance, when the horrible global financial crisis hit Chinese market in 2008, profound knowledge in economy and deep insight of the financial system are needed to turn the tide. What can an actor do when faced with the same situation? Maybe the only "contribution" he can make is delivering an inspiring speech to the public. If a politician is not even able to explain the term "credit crunch", how could he earn the trust of the masses and do his job? The same goes for the athletes. Many brilliant athletes start training at a very younge age. To acquire a medal in the international games, they have to undergo extremely intense training from day to night. Consequently, a good command of knowledge of other aspects is impossible for them. The number of gold medals he earns in the Olympics does not represent extraordinary statesmanship. After all, we are not talking about electing a coach for the national team.