The main responsibility of a university is to develop a student's academic ability. While physical health is an important prerequisite for mental health and academic achievement, sports should play a comparatively small role in college student's lives.

Since a student's main activity outside of the classroom is studying, occupying from four to eight hours a day, a quiet studying environment plays an important role in a student's academic development. Students need the most up-to-date library facilities available to get the best education. Many of those facilities are very expensive to buy. These include computerized programs and access to Internet research databases that students can use to find information all around the world. As sports should occupy a much smaller part of student's time, perhaps only an hour a day, sports facilities need not be as extensive or well-equipped as libraries.

In addition to the costs of building adequate library faculties, a university must also pay every year to keep its collection well organized and up-to-date. These include computerized programs and access to Internet research databases that students can use to find information all around the world. If a university is only offering its students resources of a decade ago, it's depriving those students of a tremendous amount of information.  A well-trained staff must also care for the materials and help the students. Continuing costs for sports, on the other hand, are relatively low, requiring only a few part-time staff and maintenance routines. For the most part, students are happy to organize their own sporting events and exercise routines quite independntly of the school.

Although a student's health is critical to their academic success, the investent that a school needs to make to ensure a physically fit student body is relatively small. Considering that the main mission of the school is to develop a student's mind and not their body, the school should put more of its resources into its libraries and not its sports activities.

Students at universities are only going to benefit from their education if they can get to all the tools they need to learn. Sports are secondary to the resources that students need from university libraries. For this reason, libraries should always be better funded than sports activities. 