Obviously, in most cases the earliest teachers people have are their parents, and parents are generally most concerned about the development of their children. However, it is not completely true to say that parents are the best teachers.

First of all, not all parents are good teachers. As normal individuals, parents more or less have some bad habits. Even though parents almost instinctively devote themselves to cultivating their offspring, the outcome may turn out to be disappointment, for children tend to unconsciously or subconsciously copy everything, including the bad ones from their parents. Another deficiency of parents as teachers is the fact that some parents are lack of common senses of education. All to often we observe some parents pusure their cherished but failed dream by forcing their children to develop in a prearranged direction. If their children do not follow the instruction, the children will be regarded as disobedient or allegedly rebellious. Ironically, it is the parents rather than children that virtually disobey the common senses.

Moreover, some parents are qualified as good teachers, but not all of them are the best ones. When the children are in preliminary school, it is not surprising that parents are perhaps capable of teaching their children almost every subjects even better than the professional teachers in the school. But the situation will not last long. We live in a world where the knowledge accumulated by multiplying and at the same time more and more specialized. Therefore, to be a professional in a certain field takes much longer time than ever has ever before. No parents is able to be professional in all fields. Wise parents often release rather than charge their children as early as possible. They are aware of the possibility outside the family.

Parents may, nevertheless, help children much more than do good teachers. Most parts of children education are virtually beyond teachers' reaches. It is parent that supplement. Psychology studies have shown us that parents' love sometimes has astonishingly magic power to their children. Albert Einstein's mother and that of Forest Gump are both good examples. On the other hand, parents might do their children harm more than do bad as teachers as well. The natures of those children whose parents have divorced are often severly distorted. In a word, it is rather superficial to simply say that parents are the best teachers.